>> Hey, YouTube. Hey, Brian.
>> Hey.
>> Hey, great to be here with you as always.
>> Good to see you.
>> Those of you watching live,
awesome to have you here.
Those of you watching replay, thanks for that.
But yeah, for those in live audience,
please throw your comments and chat and ideas in the live chat.
We love to focus on them and make them part of the show.
That makes sense. All right. Let's kick this thing off, Brian.
- Okay, yeah.
- Right on.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 298, just too short of 300 coming in fast,
recorded August 23rd, 2022.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
- And I'm Brian Okken.
Wow, close to 300.
That's amazing.
- Yeah.
Yeah, that's,
What is that, coming up on six years here pretty soon?
That's insane.
- Really?
That's amazing.
- Well, 52 times.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, so pretty awesome.
And got some fun folks we see in the audience
who are out here frequently.
Will McGugan is here.
Will is gonna be a guest on the next episode.
So if you wanna hear from Will,
be sure to come at least listen to the next episode
if you don't come to the live one.
Also before we, yeah, it'd be fantastic.
Also, before we get going on the topics,
I just want to say thank you
to Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub
for sponsoring this and so many of the episodes this year.
Super great to have their support.
It's uncommon, Brian, to have such great supporters,
wouldn't you say?
- It is uncommon.
Nice, nice segue.
I like it.
So I'd like to talk about uncommon uses of Python
in commonly used libraries.
Actually, this is just a pretty cool article.
It's by Eugene Yan and it's,
he goes through a handful of things.
I'm just gonna pull out one,
but it goes through using super classes
and a whole bunch of things.
The idea was to learn how to build more maintainable
and usable Python libraries.
He's been reading some of the most widely used
Python packages and learning some things along the way,
which is, this is an awesome way to learn
is to read other code.
I agree, I think it's fantastic.
>>Yeah, so he goes through Super
and a handful of other things.
When to use a mix in, I don't know if I'd use that.
Anyway, the thing I want to pull out
is using relative imports all the time.
And this is something I picked up not too long ago,
but it really isn't talked about much.
So the idea is that if you do an import,
like import something or from some library import.
If you put a dot in front of, at the beginning
is like the first dot, then it looks in your path,
your current search, the directory of the file that it's in.
So in the example, he has a base.py from scikit-learn
and it says from.utils.validation import.py
import something.
And these are, because it says dot utils,
it'll look for utils in the current directory
and not somewhere else,
because there's probably a utils like somewhere else also
looking for the search path.
So this is neat.
You can do multiple, you can move, do multiple dots also.
I don't ever, I don't think I ever do that.
I do the current directory and down
or the current project and down.
So this is-
Dot dot will get you up one and then down a different path
or something like that, right?
- It will.
So if you do dot dot something and you don't do slashes,
you don't, it's not a, a pat, it's kind of like a path,
but it's not like dot is the current directory,
dot dot is like one up and you can do three, but wow.
I think there's something wrong with your project
if you're doing that, but maybe not.
There's a couple of links in there for further reading.
there's a Guido's decision on relative imports,
which is part of the PEP 328 write-up.
And actually this PEP 328 write-up
is this little bit about Guido's decision
where he's talked about the leading dot or leading two dots.
There's a really good, easy way to get a handle
on how to use this.
And I use this a lot now and try to put it in projects,
you know, projects at work and personal projects as well.
So the dot thing is cool and yeah,
it isn't talked about much, so I like it.
- Yeah, it's fantastic.
It only works in packages and not just a pile
of module files, right?
- Oh yeah, yeah.
So you have to have Dunder and net files
within the directory.
And that's, I guess, one of the things
that I wish we had another name for,
because in Python, we talk about a package
or a sub package, these are,
this could be just a directory with Python files in it
that has dunder init.
And that makes it a package in Python,
but we also- - It's indefinite, yeah.
- Yeah, we also talk about the package repository in PyPI,
it's the Python package index.
Those are not just directories with dunder inits,
they're packaged up with a whole bunch of other metadata
and stuff like that.
So there's two things that we call packages, but yeah,
They have to have Dunder and it's in them for this to work.
So anyway.
- Yeah, Brandon on the audience asked,
so are we arguing for relative imports?
- For the current directory I am,
I think that within a project, if you're,
like internal stuff, you're not, I mean,
if it's part of the external API of the project,
I will always go through the external API
to get at something.
But there's a whole, there's a lot of times
where you're just developing a bunch
of Python modules together.
And they're internally,
they're gonna talk to other sub components
and that isn't necessarily part of the external API.
And this is the best way to get at it.
So, yeah.
- Yeah. All right.
Sounds good.
Next up, let's go to the Skyplane.
So this one comes to us from,
Let me make sure I give the proper credit.
This one comes to us from RMRF, the Soudour.
Thank you for sending this in.
Really appreciate it.
The project is called Skyplane,
114 times faster cloud transfers.
At first I was like, what does that mean exactly?
Like, what's the baseline for this?
I'll say so probably what they're basing that on
in a minute.
This is interesting for two reasons.
It's interesting because it's a tool
that I think many Python developers would find useful,
especially those folks doing a lot of work in the cloud.
It is also useful or interesting
because it is itself a Python project, okay?
So if you want to contribute to it
or understand it or extend it
or fork it into other things, that's totally possible.
It's worked on by a pretty big group of folks.
The idea is it gives you blazing fast bulk transfers,
file transfers between any cloud.
Any, it needs a little like star or an asterisk by it
that says any means any of the big three providers, okay?
Whereas, you know, this is like AWS,
it's Azure and it's Google GCP.
So those three, however, what I'm not clear on
is whether you can point it at the S3 compatible places.
Like Linode and DigitalOcean also have cloud storage
that are S3 like, but I'm pretty sure it won't work
based on the way I'm about to tell you
what's gonna happen next, okay?
So if you go over, there's an architecture section,
and if you look in there,
they've got this Sky Retreat 2022,
where Paris Jane introduces Skyplane to the folks there.
It's about a 15 minute video,
but you really got to watch just two minutes of it
to get the zen.
So they laid out a scenario.
This is, I believe in their world,
they're doing data science.
And so what they need is they need the data
very near to them.
And there's a woman in the Middle East
using some AWS S3 endpoint there.
And she has 80 gigs of data.
And Paras is on the East Coast of the US
and wants closer access to that data
for their other work that they're doing.
So there's a way with the AWS CLI
to just copy from Bahrain or wherever it is over to Virginia.
And they run that and it says,
after running for a while, it says,
estimated time to completion one hour. I don't know. Is that good or bad? Like
it's, it's a lot of data, right? Halfway around the world. It's miraculous that
this is possible, but is that good or not? So then they say, well, let's try it
with sky plane. They were getting like 20 megabit. I think they run it with sky
plane. They're getting 30 gigabit transfers from the middle East and it
it took 30 seconds instead of an hour.
- That's quite a bit faster.
- That is pretty awesome. - No arguing that.
- Yeah. - Exactly.
And so instead of going across the open internet,
it was transferring basically over like dedicated fiber
for just AWS data center connects
or something like that, right?
But what it does is it will spin up a virtual machine
or many virtual machines in the different data centers.
So I think what happened here, not 100% sure,
but I think it fired up some VMs in Virginia,
copied it from S3 in Bahrain
directly through the internal data center transfer,
and then pushed it into like nearly local S3 storage.
And you can do the same thing from like AWS East Coast
to Azure West Coast, right?
You would fire up a VM, I think in that scenario,
and both of the data centers and those VMs
would talk directly over the high speed data center network.
Instead of like the S3 one,
we'll copy it down to your machine
and then you push it back out of your machine
to the new destination.
- Yeah.
- So it's basically manages data center
to data center traffic.
- That's pretty cool.
Makes sense.
- It's pretty cool.
It has, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And it's like all the CLI, it's like one CLI command
and that's creating the various virtual machines,
provisioning them, setting up the encryption,
doing all the stuff, and then it shuts back down.
So, and as far as security goes,
what you do is you basically install the AWS CLI
or the Azure CLI, and you just log into those local CLIs
and it uses those behind the scenes to do the setup
of like create the VM and then SSH over to it,
do the work or something like that.
So it has a lot of integrity checking.
So it does like checksums and verifies the files are there.
The file sizes are the same and all that kind of stuff.
It does end to end encryption, sort of.
So the VM, as it gets it out of cloud storage encrypts it
and then sends it over the network.
And then when it has to decrypt it
to drop it back into the other place.
But it also on top of that goes over TLS.
However, some people might be storing encrypted data
in the cloud because they don't trust that it is,
couldn't, you know, it's not gonna get looked at.
So even the stuff in S3 or wherever Azure Blob Storage
could be encrypted, in which case you can turn all this off
and it'll go a lot faster
because it's already encrypted end to end.
It'll set up like virtual private networks
with if it's within a data center
and there's a bunch of cool things that are kind of nice
that you don't have to worry about.
Anyway, this is the sky plane.
So if you're transferring data between different clouds
or even different data centers within a single cloud,
it looks like it'll do a lot of nice work for you.
- Now, it's believable that it's faster.
I'm just curious if it's cheaper also.
Any comments?
- Oh, that's a really good point, actually.
If you go and say AWS to Azure or vice versa,
I think it's the same price.
But if you're going Azure to Azure, it probably is cheaper
because I don't know what they really charge you
for the S3 CLI if you say do a transfer,
you're still like flowing through,
but you know, the within data center transfer
is cheaper than outside of the, yeah, exactly.
- Cool.
- So maybe, I don't know.
They didn't talk about it, but possibly.
- Yeah.
Wow, that's awesome.
- That's what I got for you.
Yeah, Skyplane.
- Nice.
- You know what else is awesome?
Speaking of Azure.
- Microsoft for Startups, yeah.
- Yeah, absolutely.
They are, like I said, big supporters of the show,
big fans of the show.
And this episode, like many of them,
is brought to you by Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub.
If you have a startup and you intend to have
some kind of cloud computing resources
or you've dreamed of going to something like
a Y Combinator type of accelerator,
this is a really great way to get some of the benefits
of that. So with Microsoft for Startup Founders Hub, they give you a bunch of resources for
running your startup in the cloud in Azure, but also many other cloud resources like a
bunch of GitHub credits for automation and actions, as well as access to places like
OpenAI. But another thing I think is really important is having access to mentors and
people who have been there and have the right connections.
Right, like I think honestly that might be
the hardest thing about doing a startup
because as developers, we can build it.
Often we can build it, but then it's,
well how do you build the right thing?
How do you, you know, in terms of customer fit,
how do you get access to the right networks
so that you can find people for investing
or get better maybe coaching for like sales and marketing
and marketing. All those things are incredibly hard, especially if your expertise is in software.
So through Microsoft for Startup Founders Hub, you get access to their entire mentorship network,
access a pool of hundreds of mentors across a bunch of disciplines like idea validation,
fundraising, management, coaching, sales, marketing, and a bunch of technical areas as well.
So you'll be able to book a one-on-one meetings with these mentors, many of whom are founders
So make your idea a reality today with the critical support you'll get from Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub.
To join the program, there are very few restrictions. You don't have to be third-party validated.
You don't have to necessarily have funding. You just visit pythonbytes.fm/foundershub2022.
Links in your show notes. You apply for free. If you get accepted, you get all these benefits.
And it seems like a great program.
Yeah, I'm excited to see what comes out of this.
>> Yeah, absolutely. All right.
What do you got for us here, Brian?
>> Well, it wouldn't be complete if we didn't
talk about Will McGugan a little bit.
>> Absolutely. Hey, Will.
>> There's an article that is from the textualize.io blog.
It's seven things I've learned about building
a modern TUI framework.
And this is pretty interesting because I think that,
I mean, Will more than anybody else has went,
has really thought about like, okay,
I wanna have something be really responsive
and really good to work with on the command line,
which is, it's been there for a long time,
we just haven't developed it much.
So there's a whole bunch of cool learnings
that he talks about, like terminals are fast
and they're faster than we realize.
but there's a whole bunch of like things that you can,
that are different about terminals than other places
like Flickr and tearing and stuff
and how to deal with that.
So there's a whole bunch of learnings in here.
The thing that like popped out is something
that everybody can use that I wanted to talk about
was a little blip that he talked about
that is dict views are amazing.
So the thing he talks about here is that,
So maybe, I don't know if everybody knows the term
dict views or views into a dictionary,
but things like if you ask for,
if you have a dictionary and you ask for the keys
or you ask for items, that is a view.
It's called a view into the dictionary
and they are super fast.
And one of the things he points out is that they act like,
they act like sets also.
And you can use the, you can use set operators.
Like here's the little carrot symbol and was,
I can't remember, I'll have to look it up.
The carrot symbol is a symmetric difference.
Basically, what's just, give me a set of the stuff
that's different about the two different sets
or two dictionaries.
And you can do this in code,
but he's doing it using views
because those operators are happening with C code.
Python has optimized those.
So they work super fast.
and they're way faster than anything you could write
in Python.
So this just taking the items of two dictionaries
and using a set operations on them.
And then you can go back to dictionaries if you want,
you don't have to use that, but super cool.
I didn't know that about dictionaries and views.
So yeah, super nice.
- Obviously use dot items and dot keys all the time.
didn't know they had this name
and I didn't know you could do set operations on them.
Quite cool.
- Right, yeah, super neat.
Then he goes, covers a whole bunch of other stuff
like LRU caching and how fast that is.
One of the things that I thought was great
where he talks about Unicode in art,
Unicode art in doc strings of just like a picture says,
says, you know, a picture gives you a thousand words
or whatever, but he gives an example here
for talking about splitting the screen into sub regions.
And yeah, there's no way to, I mean,
describing it in text is good,
but this little picture goes, you can just mentally go,
oh yeah, I get it.
If you give it a cut X and a cut Y,
you end up with four regions, obviously.
But it isn't obvious just looking at the API,
but with a little picture, you're like, oh yeah,
that's cool.
He's got a little, for people listening,
he's got a picture showing just spatially
what it would look like using ASCII characters.
So neat.
- Yeah, I love it.
I love when people put art like that in there.
I'm looking for where it is.
I guess I'm gonna have to look this up.
But in CPython, there's actually this huge diagram
in the malloc, in the memory management section
that shows you--
it's like this.
It shows you all the different data structures and concepts
that are used to manage memory, like the pools, the blocks,
and the arenas, and all that stuff in a huge diagram
in Code Comets.
It's perfect.
>>Nice.
And he gives a shout out to just one tool that's around.
You must use it, called Monodraw.
It's a Mac tool.
But so there are drawing tools that you
can use to generate ASCII art.
So our unit code, okay, that's it.
We're yeah.
Yeah, yeah, nice.
Oh, maybe I'll be able to find it here.
Let's see.
I'd love to share it with everyone if I could find it.
Oh yes, here we go.
I'll put the link in here.
You ready for this, Brian?
Yeah, you can show it.
Yeah, yeah, I just got it.
I had to find hold on.
Go look at this.
Oh yeah, here's the object allocator.
And it shows here's the object specific ones,
and dick and then there's like object specific and then you
can see these tears.
Then there's the object, the Python object allocator,
the raw memory and even goes down to like here's
the OS in the physical memory.
And then I think maybe further down we might be
able to find like some of the stuff about arenas
or whatever. But isn't that nuts?
Yeah, but also it's awesome because you mean it.
You can visually now you can read the text and
it makes more sense instead.
It has a short description and then a proper picture.
of here's what's happening.
Yeah, absolutely.
- Very good.
- Cool, so yeah, yeah, that's a great, great example.
And great recommendation.
Sometimes a little bit of ASCII art like this,
it really does help.
- Goes a long ways, yeah.
But there's a whole bunch of other great tips
in Will's article, so encourage people to check it out.
- Right on.
Another thing that goes a long way is Python.
There's an InfoWorld article that refers to Python as unstoppable.
The title is Python popularity is still soaring,
but the subtitle is Unstoppable Python,
once again, ranked number one in the August updates
for both the TOB and PYPL indexes.
I don't know if that's PIPL or I don't know how to say this,
but it's another secondary programming language index.
And yeah, how cool is that?
>> Very cool. Also a really nice rocket image.
>> I was going to say,
this characterizes the other programming languages,
hot air balloons, and Python as a rocket.
>> Yeah.
>> So yeah. Some interesting things to take away from here.
Let's see. Python first took the top spot just last October.
So that was actually big news.
- Yeah.
- Now that makes it the only language besides C and Java
to ever hold the number one position from the TOV index.
And not only is it still number one,
but it's actually gained a couple of percentage points
on the current rankings year over year.
So for example, come down here,
you can see it's actually up 3.56%.
I think that's year over, yeah, that's year over year.
- Nice.
which is pretty awesome.
Also, even though--
- But C and Java have gained also.
So other, I guess we're whittling down,
taking away from--
- I think it's taking from the lower languages down here,
right, like Objective-C or, here we go.
Would it surprise you that Perl and Fortran have lost?
By the way, also, it has the ratings,
I don't know if that's quite
what you would consider market share,
but Python is at 15%, C is at 14%.
Things that sometimes get compared,
like R is less than 1%, Ruby is less than 1%.
Those are pretty interesting comparisons.
- Yeah, they're also not really general purpose languages.
I mean, R isn't at least, so.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's for sure.
Let's see, yeah, the TOB commentary
company the index was Python seems to be unstoppable. It's
hard to find a field of programming in which Python is
not used extensively extensively nowadays, except for safety
critical embedded systems. So that's, that's pretty cool.
Let's see rust is now number 22 closing in on the top 20 and
carbon. Have you been tracking carbon? No, this is I believe
it's Google who is behind carbon. Yeah, it's a language
that's intended to be to supplant C++,
but be very C++ like.
An experimental successor to C++ strives
for the C++ performance and compatibility
while avoiding its technical debt
and extreme difficulty to improve.
(both laughing)
- Ouch.
- Yeah, yeah, not saying extreme difficulty to use,
but like, it's just, it's where it is.
You know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, it's like a language on top of a language
on top of 50 years.
Anyway, so Carbon has entered the index at position 192.
They've got some work to do.
But it's still interesting.
Yeah, and you look at the other programming index,
again, no idea how to say it.
PYPL, the popularity of programming language
is what the acronym stands for.
It's an index created by analyzing how often
tutorials, our language tutorials are searched on Google.
So that's one metric.
Python is like massively ahead of second place Java,
third place JavaScript, and then it drops
quick, quick, quick down from there.
Like for example, Ruby, 1% people are interested
in tutorials, how to do it, versus almost 30% for Python.
- Hmm.
- Yeah, anyway, that's just another factor
that was part of this InfoWorld article.
So, you know, on one of the live streams not too long ago,
somebody said, "Oh, I heard that there's not a whole lot
"of jobs or interest in Python.
"Maybe, what else should I learn?"
But you know what?
I'm not so sure you're getting great advice
if that's where you're thinking.
- Okay.
- Popular's not everything, but it's an important part
of like, can I have a job?
Can I find developers doing this?
Will there be a library for my thing X
I wanna talk to with it and so on?
- I love Python, obviously,
but it's hard to answer those like for a job,
which languages should I,
whether languages should I learn?
I don't wanna answer that.
It depends on what you're trying to get into.
But just as a roundabout developer,
I think it is important to learn more than one language.
I don't think that it would, I wouldn't want somebody
to just stop with Python and say, oh, I'm good.
- No, no, no.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, and you also, if you want to build mobile apps,
you might want to look elsewhere.
Well, except I might have something
in an extra section for you on that.
- Okay, cool.
- But did I switch the order?
Did I jump in front of you?
I think I may have.
- I don't think so.
- 'Cause you've got one more thing to go.
- No.
- Tell us about some magic.
Oh, no, this is part, one of my extras.
So.
- Oh, that's when your extras, okay.
Well, let's, that's it then.
- Just jump in the extras.
- Okay, let's jump into your extras.
All right on.
- I didn't want to cover this.
- A really quick comment just from,
I think this is kind of amusing from SE Steve
in the audience, extreme difficulty to use.
It's just a side benefit of C++.
- Yeah, I mean, yeah.
- Yeah, think about all the jobs people get to keep
without much effort over time.
Like, you still have to use C++.
- Exactly, I mean, if there was a lot of competition
for C++ developers, I don't know what I would do.
I'm enjoying the lack of competition.
Yeah.
I just ran across this,
the magic of my Matplotlib style sheets article.
And I just wanted to bring it up for people
that might wanna to try it out.
So I've used Matplotlib style sheets before
and they're just great.
So you could just say like,
So let's say you've got a current plot and by default,
it's just, it's not bad.
It's just, it is what it is.
And then if you just drop in one line of code,
use style, plot style use,
and then you drop a style sheet name,
there's a whole bunch of built-in ones you can use.
It just looks nicer.
It's got like a lot more style.
- It's so subtle, but it looks so much better.
- Yeah.
But I didn't know that it's pretty easy to write your own.
I didn't, I mean, I figured maybe style sheets
were complicated.
So the rest of this article just talks about
really how to write your own style sheet.
So if anybody's interested in customizing the style sheet
for their group or something,
might be a good thing to just have,
be able to roll your own style sheet.
So here you go. - Yeah, fantastic.
- One of the things that the 10 year old in me enjoyed
that if you want the lines to end in a square
instead of a rounded line,
you give it a solid cap style of butt.
It makes it chop off the end, so that's funny.
- That's funny.
- All right.
- Yeah, this is not one of my extras,
but I might as well add it as a follow on here is,
- XKCD plots have landed.
- Yeah.
- In Matplotlib, right?
I'm sure this is probably accomplished the same way,
but look at that.
Isn't this, aren't these fantastic?
- I use these at work 'cause they're just,
it especially, I especially like it
if I've just made up the data or my sample size is small.
I don't want anybody to take it as like a research project.
It's just I'm showing something informally.
- Right, right.
Sometimes there's a whole ton of value
to present it not quite polished.
There's an app I use called,
let's see, what is it?
I wanna make a new, called BALT SOMIC.
It doesn't let me type it in, oh well.
It's called BALT SOMIC.
And it'll generate wireframes of like web browsers
buttons or to do mobile apps or whatever.
And it intentionally has this shape.
Like it looks very XKCD like.
Like, okay, don't, this is not the answer.
This is not the final thing.
It's just to give you an idea of like,
here's the layout and so on.
- Yeah.
And I think it's also I make with a Q
of people are looking for.
- Yes, it's funky, small, it's spelled funky.
I think what happened is that my keyboard's battery died.
So anyway, that's why I can't type anymore.
I'm not on a laptop.
So when the battery dies, that's it.
But that's fine, because I already got all the stuff I want to talk about anyway.
We talked about, I wouldn't try to learn Python to write mobile apps,
and I still stand by that, but we discussed way back on episode,
which one was it? On 295, a couple weeks ago, we talked about Flit.
And Flit lets you write Flutter apps in Python.
It is super neat.
- Yeah. - Where...
If you just look at an example or whatever,
I'll pull up the tutorial, but like the code that you write,
I mean, if you ever done Flutter,
it feels very much like that.
What you write is Python and it's glorious.
Anyway, the extra that I want to talk about is
I had Theodor Fitzner, who is the creator of FLET
on Talk Python last week.
And if people want to hear what he had to say about it
in our conversation, they should check that out.
- Nice.
Yeah, all right, that's it for my extras, I believe.
You ready for a joke?
- I am, but I just, I wanna like pause and just say,
I think that's one of the cool things
about how we've done Python Bytes
and Talk Python and Test and Code of,
if we do these small segments within Python Bytes,
but if we wanna just also do like a deep dive,
we've got the other podcasts to do a deep dive
into some things, it's good.
- Absolutely.
It's super nice and kind of on purpose, right?
We kind of designed this one
so we could just quick talk a bunch of fun stuff.
And then the other one,
if you really want to spend an hour on something
like that's what it's for.
- Yeah.
- So hopefully people listen to both or all three rather.
- Three.
Yeah, exactly.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah. All right.
Now something funny.
- Now, you know, we talked about the cloud stuff
and you specifically ask about price.
So here's the joke.
This one has two pictures, one somebody who is new to AWS
and somebody who is experienced at AWS.
The new person, it shows this like cartoon character
walking one step, steps on a rake.
The rake whacks up and smashes him in the face.
It's new to AWS, accidental $50,252 monthly bill.
The experienced one with the rake is like,
you know how sometimes skateboarders will jump up
they'll like grind down like a stair railing.
I'll do something amazing.
But maybe at the end, it doesn't show.
And yeah, yeah.
All the answer off the stairs, the kickflip off the stairs.
And like that often goes good, but not always.
So here they're doing like an amazing kickflip with the rake.
But at the end, they
they land at the bottom, smacks him in the face is accidental.
Fifty thousand two hundred fifty two dollars.
Yeah. Yeah.
And then down here, there's a funny comment.
from somebody who how they forgot to turn off something.
So they just, but luckily their card expired.
So they just let their EC2 account expire.
And you know, Amazon was talking about doing
like healthcare stuff and whatnot.
So this, this person here, Jess,
Jess the unstill, she says, just wait soon enough.
If you don't pay your EC2 AWS bill
they won't even let you visit your doctor.
(laughing)
Sometimes things are funny.
- Interesting idea though to attach your AWS account
to a credit card with a low balance.
So that's one way.
- Interesting, yes, exactly.
It might be a benefit.
- Yeah.
- It just might be a benefit actually.
Yeah, quite cool.
Anyway, I thought this was kind of funny.
But you also have heard of real stories
of startups shutting down
because they accidentally did get like a $60,000 bill
and they're like, we can't pay this.
- Well, also just, yeah.
or somebody just misconfigured it.
And suddenly they're making like the transfers
are like, you know, three times larger
than they're supposed to be or something like that.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Every time I run this command,
it spins up a cool VM to do the test in the cloud.
I forgot to shut it down.
Whoops.
Now I have a hundred VMs running.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, so concrete advice,
you can set up billing alerts at different tiers.
like once it crosses $100, send me a message.
Once it crosses $200, send me a message.
Those numbers will differ for people,
but I would strongly recommend
that you set that up at your cloud provider.
Like if it goes beyond a reasonable amount
of what I normally would like to pay or expect to pay,
let me know soon.
- Yeah, not like tomorrow, let me know right away.
- Exactly.
In fact, can you make my smoke alarm go off
because I really need to get up and get going.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
So anyway.
- All right, well, fantastic to be here with you, Brian.
- Good to be with you too.
Talk to you next week.
- Yep, yep, see you later.
Thanks everyone for listening.
Oh, really quick, one piece of follow up out here
from Kim in the audience.
If a huge AWS bill accidentally happens,
I'd rather I can speak to the AWS directly
before giving in in despair, yeah, indeed.
- Yeah, I've heard of it.
- They might.
- I've heard of success stories
where people just talk and they work with them.
On the other topic, on the drawing topic,
Will recommends that, where'd it go?
AccelaDraw has a similar look,
so I'll have to check that out too.
- Yeah, I haven't heard of that one, that's cool.
All right. - All right.
Talk to you later. - See you all later.
Bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]